yeah gonna go have beers and stuff i'll
take pops operator is one of them I've
actually met him before the real nice
guy all right what you want to do with
it we're going to do the right side
rotation all our team is there already
ECM above you Bravo be careful contact
right above you alpha alpha alpha yeah
he regretted that he was being closer
we've knocked on something above me
echoes arm hit that arm and we need it
we need to gather up here concentrate
fire group up
India FL India's crit CDC Fiona Stan
shop india echo go for that on smoke on
us watch it written right on top of you
repositioning okay with it
I need to stay with you guys
that arms about to go on that dude
I'm dropping back down let's take away
to punch damage
we do have something down below it's a
4p Wow got these i got these
Bravo up top we also have fuel there's
Juliet
I just like that spider
spiders liked Julian for the right there
ratcheting now yep hotel just got
smacked in the back oh yeah
papi you have eat fat if you have one or
someone else I do not have one it's good
it's good it's good i have knocked out
who your encircled when we can close on
though
I'm gonna go for that he'll bring her
with an ark if I can get him dragons
committal
okay hold it guys Delta Delta Delta left
leg right leg in the whole song
he's down
alphas right arms about gone I'm tellin
it right arm as long as gone
so much for ECM helper here I'm going
Bravo you guys see him Bravo right side
he's sort of by himself right now site
Taurus wasn't real kind of messed up
he's a pretty much almost dead
yep
hey Charlie's my background caused yeah
I was covered by my arm no
yeah I looked over to take a look at the
end of me and I got a dual cause the
left or so dang
I need to keep you guys on her pc am
coming to you
there's contacts down the 5k there there
got a spider up there this isn't going
on our favor there's there to grouped up
right now we're flowing it's 4-7 echo
he's Krissy tea for right
I strike on us
don't think that Thunderbolt saw it was
coming
Terry watch it
I'm just trying to keep you guys under
ECM they are hurt though so we do have
that called if you see it if they're
moving rhythm I don't know if they're
moving left or gaining fine good shot
nice where else playing the game in one
left bottom left project starts as
anyone coming up now they come out on
top too it looks like they're going for
the big push
leme to the right when you write up
moving moving moving move move move
together Lima take you need to move with
us damn it
horses crit
yeah I'm slower than you guys I can't
keep up
I think guys
I think this kit foxes guy with the ER
large yep again games will play I felt
like they're able to just stick together
a little bit better than we were pick
off the masses yeah we had to a kit
foxes that pretty much weren't even in
the match they had a direwolf that got
taken out as well an anova and a spotter
so good job guess this will be my last
one